[ Woman ]
Previously on
Sons of Anarchy.
[ Tara ]
We need to think about this.
What the hell are we doing?
Your mom says that
I have to end this.
I want you to stop listening
to my crazy mom.
[ Tara ]
Someone’s here to see you.
You left rehab?
I’m moving into
a sober living house.
[ Jax ]
Well, I’ll stay
until you check in.
You want this family
back together?
It’s the only thing I want.
I will do whatever I can
to help make that happen.
Cameron was supposed to kill
that piece of shit Hefner.
[ Clay ]
I want Ope pullin’ the trigger
on this. No mistakes.
Shit.
Robert Munson,
you’re under arrest
for the murder of Brenan Hefner.
[ Clay ] A.T.F. says
they got an eyewitness.
Only two other guys
were witness to that hit.
[ Clay ]
Where’s Ope?
I checked Opie’s finances.
Somebody paid off
a huge chunk
of his debt.
Federal wire transfer.
I figured
the least I could do...
was pay off some of those
big bills of yours.
You’re setting me up
as the rat.
What is going to happen
when I put you and your family
back in Charming?
I tell the club the truth.
I know how this looks.
She set me up
to look like a rat.
It’s all a lie.
I don’t know who the hell
their witness is,
but it sure as shit ain’t me.
Am I good with you, Clay?
Yeah.
His truck, wired.
Opie has turned on us.
This has got to happen, Clay.
This death never...
lands at our feet.
[ Sniffs ]
♪ May God bless
and keep you always ♪
♪ May your wishes
all come true ♪
[ Kisses ]
♪ May you always
do for others ♪
♪ And let others
do for you ♪
♪ May you build
a ladder to the stars ♪
I love you.
♪ And climb
on every rung ♪
♪ And may you stay ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
♪ May you stay ♪
Sometimes I think
you love that bird
more than me.
Sometimes I do.
♪ May you grow up
to be righteous ♪
to be true ♪
♪ May you always
know the truth ♪
♪ And see the lights
surrounding you ♪
♪ May you always
be courageous ♪
♪ Stand upright
and be strong ♪
♪ And may you stay ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
Hey.
♪ And may you stay ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
Get out of here.
Go on. Beat it.
[ Snoring ]
[ Snoring Continues ]
Cut that shit out.
Get out of here.
All right, all right.
Go on. Get.
You crazy old shithead.
♪ May your hands
always be busy ♪
♪ May your feet
always be swift ♪
♪ May you have
a strong foundation ♪
♪ When the winds
of changes shift ♪
♪ May your heart
always be joyful ♪
♪ May your song
always be sung ♪
♪ And may you stay ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
It’s your lucky day,
little boy.
♪ May you stay ♪
You get to join
your family.
♪ Forever young ♪♪
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
[ Drill Whirs ]
Meeting’s all set.
Oakland. 2:30.
Good.
Opie’s wired.
There’s no way in hell...
we’re gonna be able
to separate him
from everybody.
Everything we’re doing.
We got to protect our guys.
It’s got to happen today.
[ Motorcycle Revs ]
Okay.
The track on Opie’s
pickup is working.
We’re not getting anything
from the bug or the cell.
Check his truck when you can.
He might have been
smart enough to sweep it.
What if Clay or one
of the others found it?
The pretrial
for Hefner’s murder
starts tomorrow.
The U.S. Attorney will have
to release the name
of the witness,
so SAMCRO will know
that Opie isn’t the snitch.
We can start making our case
tying him to Hefner’s killing.
Just have to keep him safe
for another 24,
and then we can arrest
his shaggy ass.
[ Clay ]
I know she’s here.
I wanna see her.
Clay Morrow
wants to see you.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
It’s okay. Hey. Hey.
It’s okay. It’s okay.
You kick down my doors.
You hurt my wife.
You lock up
one of my brothers
for a crime he didn’t commit.
We’ll let a jury
of his peers decide that.
What you did
to Opie and his family
proves one thing–
you’re desperate,
’cause you got nothing on us.
It kills you,
doesn’t it?
To see me and my guys
living good lives.
Families, friends,
nice homes.
You hate the fact...
that we get the same rights
and freedoms as you do.
Gee, you make me so proud
to be an American.
You’re a fascist pig,
and what Otto did to you
is just the tip of the iceberg.
We’re good.
Our retainer
with Rosen is good
for one more week.
If this thing with Bobby
goes to trial,
we’re gonna have to pony up
some serious up-front cash.
We have every dime
in the warehouse rebuild.
I know.
[ Sighs ]
I talked to Alvarez.
The Mayans want guns.
They want them right away.
We ain’t got nothing to sell.
Irish don’t start shipping
till next month.
We pull our security surplus.
We sell ’em those.
[ Chibs ] Wait a minute.
- I thought we didn’t
sell that surplus.
- We don’t.
We sell ’em those guns.
It’s a goodwill gesture.
The Mayans turn around,
place a big order.
They give us half
the cash in advance.
It leaves us nothing
to protect the club.
[ Clay ] I’m out
of ideas here, Jax.
If we don’t jump
on this deal, we lose it.
I’m just trying
to help Bobby here.
I get that.
But A.T.F.
are still camped out
at Unser’s office.
- You really wanna
take that risk?
- We can do this smart.
We set up
two locations
in Oakland, right?
We pick up the money from one.
We drop off the guns
at the other.
This way even if
the feds are watching us,
they never see guns for money.
Why would the feds
still be trailing us?
Maybe they’re
pissed off
’cause you didn’t turn.
You and Tig
pick up the money.
Me and Jax drop off the guns.
I’ll go with Ope and Tig.
[ Clay ] Nah, nah, nah.
The fewer the better.
Why don’t you just
go up to the warehouse,
let me know how that’s going.
Just some bullshit errand.
I got stuff to do.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Tara ]
Hey.
I think
that’s all of them.
It’s just some
liability stuff.
[ Abel Coos ]
Is something wrong?
With Abel leaving,
I just realized
it’s not just you.
You have a son. I–
We need to think about
what we’re doing.
[ Sighs ]
You really wanna talk
about this, huh?
’Cause the one upside of Wendy,
she was usually too wasted
for relationship chats.
Well, I’m
painfully sober.
I can see that.
[ Abel Cooing ]
I’m not getting
out of this, am I?
No.
My shit was crazy, Tara.
That "I got to be with you
every minute or I’m gonna
kill myself" type of crazy.
I know.
Look,
the way I feel about you
hasn’t changed.
I can still go there.
But this can’t be that.
’Cause we got
to figure out what’s right.
But I’m not trying
to avoid this, what we have.
Just gotta take a minute
to know what to do.
Okay.
You can have a minute.
[ Door Opens ]
Where you been?
Here. Take the other end.
I know
what you’re doing.
Hanging
a banner?
With me and Tara.
What am I doing?
Using me
to hurt her and Jax.
Asking me
if I still love him,
do I want my family together.
That was all
about pushing her
out of the picture.
[ Laughs ]
It didn’t change anything.
I still meant
everything I said.
What do you care
what my motives are?
You still get the thing
you want the most.
So do I.
I was okay with you
slipping me enough crank
to kill a horse.
Because of what
I did to Abel,
I deserved that.
But I am not
the same person
I was two months ago.
I can’t be a part of this.
You’re playing
with people’s lives, Gemma.
I’m protecting
the innocent.
If I step on a few toes
in the meanwhile, so be it.
Jesus. You really
believe that, don’t you?
So what?
Putting down that needle
for a few weeks somehow
gives you the right to judge me?
You better take a good,
long look, sweetheart,
’cause you are burning a hole
through the very thing
you can’t wait to become.
Maybe that’s why
you hate yourself so much.
The sooner
you accept that,
the sooner you put down
this holy crutch.
Jesus...
is just a guy
who cuts my lawn.
If you need anything,
I just want you to ask
Agent Yost,
who’ll be staying
with you, okay?
When does the trial begin?
We don’t know exactly.
But soon.
Is it gonna take
a long time?
I’m not sure.
Uh, don’t worry, okay?
We have sheriffs
on the street.
I have my people
staying with you.
It’ll all be over
before you know it.
Okay.
Come on.
You think this is a bad idea.
- Yeah. I do.
- Clay made a deal
with the Mayans...
to make sure the war
didn’t reach Charming.
It’s bigger
than that now.
What?
Let’s just
get this done.
Hey, man, if you think
I’m walking into something–
Look at the last
few months, man.
The warehouse
gets blown up.
Mayans tried to kill Clay.
Bobby’s in jail.
We got A.T.F. trying
to stick RICO up our ass.
How much longer do you
think this club’s got?
We’re better
than this, man.
My old man?
He saw
the nightmare coming.
He was smart, Ope.
Way smarter than me.
He had ideas about
where to take the club.
You know?
Legitimate ways to earn.
He knew.
Sam Crow’s got
to change to survive.
Clay’ll never walk away
from running guns.
I know.
He’s made that very clear.
Well, a few more years,
he won’t be able
to turn the throttle,
and you’ll be number one.
And Bobby and Tig?
Pushing them
in a new direction?
Jesus Christ.
Two immovable objects.
Irresistible force.
It could happen.
Hey, Ope.
Donna’s here.
Thanks.
Probably best
not to greet her
with two bags of guns.
Yeah.
Hey.
I’m sorry to bother you.
No. It’s all right.
What’s up, babe?
Your mom wants to take
the kids to Fun Town
and then to dinner.
I didn’t wanna say yes
until I talked to you.
Mom’s volunteering
to spend time with the kids.
Yeah. I guess she had
a good time with them.
You know, you really
should talk to her, Ope.
I think she’s just finding
excuses to stay around
until she sees you.
Yeah. Maybe.
Yeah.
She can take the kids.
That means we’ll have
the house to ourselves
for a while.
Shit.
Jax is having a party for Abel.
It’s a homecoming thing.
Oh!
You don’t have to go.
But I got to swing by
and drop off a gift.
I wanna go.
Abel coming home
is a big deal.
Our family
should be there.
Yeah, we should.
I’d like that.
I’ll tell Mary
to bring the kids home
before dinner.
Okay.
You really doing this
for your kids?
Yes, ma’am.
Got two boys.
Uncle Sam
cut off my aid. Again.
You look pretty
able-bodied to me.
There’s got
to be something better
you can be doing...
than holding up
clever signs
and begging.
It’s hard for me
to hold down a job, ma’am,
on account
of the mental illness.
Tend to fly into rages.
No apparent reason.
Since when is that
a mental illness?
Don’t shoot this
into your arm.
That’s kind and generous.
Thank you, ma’am.
Abel will help
my little boys.
What?
Able to help my little boys.
Bless you.
Glad you’re still
in one piece.
Yeah. It’s been
a real exciting month.
Should I be worried
about eyes on us?
Ah.
Nobody knows I’m here,
including my own crew.
Shit looks serious, man.
What’s giving you worry?
It’s Alvarez.
He tried to off me.
I needed to buy some time,
prevent the war
from hitting Charming.
Told him I’d
sell him some guns.
You’re selling to the Mayans?
That’s why you
and me are talking.
There’s a meet arranged
for this afternoon.
Alvarez thinks
he’ll be getting
his first gun shipment.
He ain’t.
Time and locations
of the deal.
Guns at one,
money at the other.
I want you and your crew
to step on both ends.
I put a bullet in Alvarez,
you drop as many wetbacks
as you can.
[ Chuckles ]
And why in the good
Lord’s name would I be
doing your dirty work?
Keep the guns.
I keep the money,
and, uh, this FUBAR...
helps move our relationship
back to monogamous.
I know you’ve
been buying guns
from the Russians,
three times the mark-up,
half the selection.
If you wanna waste
your hard-earned heroin money
on that shit, you be my guest.
I’ll feed the competition
with the better bullet.
What are the weapons?
AKs, MAC-10s,
combat shotguns.
About 25K
worth of hardware.
All right.
We’ll, uh–
We’ll make the deal.
And then you wait
until me and my crew
are safe and clear.
Join the party.
Hey, look, man,
I understand the need...
to make an executive decision
for the good of the club.
I get it.
The Opie thing
makes sense to me.
But this– We have made
a club-wide peace
with the Mayans.
We can’t–
The peace stays intact.
The Mayans are gonna think
that the Niners got their
intel off the streets,
stepped on the deal,
and all we got
to do is spin
the angry black man story.
Play the niggers
against the wetbacks.
I like it.
So how do we handle
our other problem?
Just before
the Niners jump in,
put a bullet
in the back of Opie’s head.
This way even if A.T.F.
crashes the party,
there’s no illegal guns.
Opie looks like the victim
of gangland violence.
And we blame
the angry black man.
It’s the American way.
Donna took the truck
to get groceries.
We checked.
The bug’s
been ripped out,
and Opie’s cell is dead.
Clay found it.
He thinks Opie’s
working for us.
That’s what
this morning was.
He’s feeling guilty
about what he might have to do.
How do we handle this?
Put an extra team on him.
We have to keep Opie
in one piece.
I’m on it.
I’ll, uh–
I’ll meet you back there.
Okay. Take care.
Hey. You looking for me?
Yeah. I need
to ask you a question.
Okay.
Are you with Jax?
Uh, I– I don’t know
how to answer that.
Do you love him?
I’m not comfortable having
this conversation with you.
I don’t give a shit what
you’re comfortable with.
We’ve spoken over
a half a dozen times
in the past couple of days.
You don’t think you might
have mentioned that you’re
sleeping with my husband?
Ex-husband.
Two more months before
that’s official. Okay?
He’s my husband,
and Abel is our son.
You need to check into
your sober-living facility,
get some time.
If you and Jax
are supposed to be together,
he’ll be there
when you get out.
And where will you be?
I have to get back to work.
She’ll never let you
be with him.
Gemma hates you.
She’ll do
whatever she can
to keep you guys apart.
You may as well quit
while you’re still ahead,
or alive,
for that matter.
Let me borrow
your cell.
I got to check in
with Donna.
Here.
Thanks.
Found mine
in a pitcher of beer.
[ Beeping ]
You know
anything about that?
Maybe it was thirsty.
Do you ever see your kids?
Once or twice a year.
Not hard for you?
Used to be.
It was two girls, right?
Dawn and Fawn.
Yeah, I know.
That’s her voice mail.
Thanks again.
- You’re early.
- Ain’t early,
you’re late.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
What?
I hate dolls, man.
They creep me out.
Back here.
That’s some story
that needs to be told.
Let’s go.
Let’s do this, man.
That’s 30 for these.
Thirty up front
for the order next month.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Custom scopes.
We know.
[ Zippers Zipping ]
[ Spanish ]
Call him. Tell him
to give ’em the cash.
- Niners. Niners.
- Hey!
Goddamn, Laroy.
In the back.
Oh, shit.
[ Dolls Laughing ]
- You dead.
- [ Gunshot ]
Shit. Thanks, man.
[ Gunfire Continues ]
Let’s go.
What the hell
happened here, Clay?
Clay! Lay some down.
Get in!
Was this a mistake,
or was Laroy sending a message?
I don’t know.
This could be
the worst-case scenario.
Niners want us dead.
Mayans won’t trust us.
We’ll lose
our customer base.
Gain two huge beefs.
Broke with no guns.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Ringing ]
Shit. That’s Gemma.
- I’m on my way.
- Can you pick up Wendy?
Yeah.
Be there in a few.
All right, baby.
[ Clicks ]
[ Exhales ]
I got to go pick up my kid.
- We need something good
right now. Go get him.
- All right.
See you at the house.
Yep.
What the hell
was that, man?
It was like the angry
black man was even angrier
than we thought, huh?
Laroy definitely
double-crossed us.
And Ope?
Nah, I couldn’t.
Couldn’t get a clear shot.
Well, if– if the Niners
are that pissed, maybe–
maybe they bring
their rage to Charming.
I mean,
they saw Opie’s truck
at the money drop.
What, a drive-by?
Got to be tonight,
after the party.
Make it ghetto.
Make it gangster.
All right.
I’ve been looking
all over for you.
What the hell
you doing in here?
The only place I can think
without the A.T.F.
buzzing around.
I can relate.
I got some information.
And if I give it to you,
then I’m betraying
my badge.
And if I don’t,
someone could get hurt.
[ Sighs ]
That badge?
It ain’t even
real silver.
What do you need
to tell me, son?
This might be your
most insidious move yet.
[ Snickers ]
You have to be
more specific.
Convincing Wendy she might
actually have a shot of winning
back Jax and her family.
That’s a lot
of false hope to lay
on a recovering addict.
I don’t know where
you’re going with this,
but I was trying
to help Wendy, encourage
her efforts to change.
Yes, you are
the embodiment
of encouragement.
Hey.
Hey, little man.
[ Laughing ]
We’re busting you
out of this place.
Aw.
Oh, it’s okay.
Thanks, Doc.
Yeah.
Appreciate it.
All right.
Let’s get
this family home.
[ People Chattering ]
Hey!
Yes. Look at this.
Congratulations, Jax.
Look at that.
He’s beautiful, Jax.
He ready
for his first brewski?
Come on.
[ Laughing ]
It’s you
and Grandpa, huh?
[ Chuckling ]
My boss is pulling
the plug on Charming.
Why?
The Mayan
body count in Oakland
pissed off the F.B.I.,
and I have
to settle for Munson,
squeeze him for the rest.
What about Opie?
Opie made his own bed.
Yeah, and Clay thinks
you’re in that bed with him.
Okay, this guy’s in danger.
The witness’s identity
will be out tomorrow.
SAMCRO will know
that he is not the snitch.
Look, a lot of shit
can happen overnight.
Okay? You cannot pull
your detail off him.
It’s out of my hands.
You know, you guys
are unbelievable.
You storm in here,
and you turn this town
upside down,
and then you just walk away,
and you leave us
with this mess.
We had some fun though.
Right?
♪♪ [ Blues ]
Hey, Lowell,
how you doing, man?
Good.
Yeah? You good?
He’s gonna crawl up.
Watch this.
You think
he can keep this up?
Yeah.
No hands.
When these kids get older,
they lose their nerve.
No, no. Watch it.
Watch my hands.
I got to see
how you drink this.
No, no. Watch it.
Ellie,
can you scare him?
Scare him.
You’re doing okay?
Yeah.
You wanna
try it again?
Hold still.
Hold very, very still.
’Cause this could be–
We’re gonna sell this
on the road.
You and I are gonna
make a lot of money
doing this.
I’ll be right back.
Can I talk to you
for a second?
Now I want to drink.
Thank you very much.
- What’s the matter?
- Nothing. It’s just–
Look, Wendy’s like
a heartbeat sober.
We don’t want
to do anything
to set her off.
Because she’s still
in love with you?
No.
I’m just saying
we should be cool...
with whatever this is
around her, you know?
Whatever this is?
You know what I mean.
No, I don’t.
Tara.
No!
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Tara.
Do me a favor.
Make sure Tara
gets home okay.
Don’t ask.
Okay.
What happened?
I got no idea.
[ Chuckles ]
Sorry.
Yeah, I can see that.
We got to head out.
They’ve had a long day.
All right.
Thanks for coming.
I’m glad Abel’s home.
Thanks.
Come on, kids.
Let’s go.
Come on, guys.
Bye.
Bye, guys.
Bye, Donna.
[ Kissing ]
Bye, Kenny.
Bye, Ellie.
Okay, kids,
seat belts.
Put on your seat belt.
Bye.
[ Kisses ]
See you later.
Love you, kids. Bye.
Hey, you coming
right home?
- Yeah. Why?
- I wanna come back
and help Gemma clean up.
Stay. I can
take the kids home,
put ’em in bed.
You sure?
Yeah.
Thanks, baby.
You’re welcome.
You got some cash?
Gemma needs powder
for the dishwasher.
Love you.
Love you back.
Good night, babies.
[ Together ]
Good night, Mommy.
Whoa! Look at that!
Now, this is the trick.
What’s going on?
Sorry to bother you
on this occasion,
but I got some information
that probably shouldn’t wait.
Hey, listen, if it’s
about that Niner-Mayan
shooting in Oakland–
No, No, No.
No. It’s about Opie.
What about him?
I know A.T.F.’s been
hanging him out as a rat.
But that ain’t the case.
He’s not working for them.
The wires on him–
not to his knowledge.
The witness is somebody
that lives in the building
where Hefner got killed.
That’s who
fingered Bobby Elvis.
How do you know this?
Hale. He’s been privy
to all of it.
I just thought
you should know that,
in case
you were having doubts
about loyalty and such.
I appreciate that.
Tell Jax I’m glad
his boy’s come home.
Yeah.
[ Beeping ]
[ Line Ringing ]
- Come on.
- [ Ringing ]
[ Line Ringing ]
[ Woman’s Voice ]
Please leave your message
at the tone.
You all right, baby?
[ Cell Phone Lid Shuts ]
What is it?
[ Horn Honking ]
Shit.
Shit!
[ Honking Continues ]
[ Sirens Blaring ]
Donna? Donna! Donna!
Whoa, whoa. Sir.
It’s all right.
Let him in.
Oh, God.
[ Crying ]
Oh, baby.
[ Crying Continues ]
[ Motorcycles Revving ]
Oh, baby.
[ Crying ]
What do we know?
A guy walking his dog
saw a black S.U.V.
roll up on the truck.
Shot her
through the back window.
Did they see the guy?
Was he black?
He couldn’t say.
Jesus.
Unless Donna’s
been living some kind
of double life,
I’m thinking
this brutality
was meant for Opie.
Uh, some scumbag
made a tragic mistake.
Yeah, I guess that’s
a pretty fair guess.
[ Opie Crying ]
Oh, baby.
Hey, come on, man.
Come on. Come on.
[ Indistinct ]
Come on, Ope.
[ Crying ]
[ Crying Continues ]
I told you this shit
would go bad.
This blood’s on you.
Back off, Hale.
I’m sorry.
I am so sorry, baby.
Yeah.
How’s Opie doing?
You should go home, Mom.
What about the baby?
I can take care of my son.
You sure?
It’s time for me
to do this, Mom.
Okay, baby. Okay.
♪ May God bless
and keep you always ♪
♪ May your wishes
all come true ♪
♪ May you always do
for others ♪
♪ And let others
do for you ♪
♪ May you build
a ladder to the stars ♪
♪ And climb on every rung ♪
♪ And may you stay ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
♪ May you stay ♪
[ Glass Shatters ]
♪ May you grow up
to be righteous ♪
to be true ♪
♪ May you always
know the truth ♪
♪ And see the lights
surrounding you ♪
♪ May you always
be courageous ♪
♪ Stand upright
and be strong ♪
♪ And may you stay ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
♪ May you stay ♪
♪ May your hands
always be busy ♪
♪ May your feet
always be swift ♪
♪ May you have
a strong foundation ♪
♪ When the winds
of changes shift ♪
♪ And may your heart
always be joyful ♪
♪ May your song
always be sung ♪
♪ And may you stay ♪
♪ Forever young ♪
♪ May you stay ♪
♪ Forever young ♪♪